# MMS-Core Testing

## Time Tests
MMS time tests are separated into two sections; testing for just MMS code and testing against GMAT functions. 

The MMS time tests are structured as follows:
* `test_setting_time_values()` : this test iterates through all the `set` functions within the Time struct. This includes `set_days_whole`, `set_seconds_whole`, `set_seconds_fraction` which set the fields of a predefined Time struct. In addition, there are `set_jd`, `set_gregorian` functions which set the fields of the predefined Time struct according to an inputted Julian date or TAI string date. There is also a `clear` function which will clear all values in the given Time struct and default all the values to 0. Finally, there are `set_time_from_jd` and `set_time_from_tuple` which work by creating a Time struct and then setting the fields. 
* `test_get_time_values()` : this test iterates through all the `get` functions within the Time struct. This includes `get_days`, `get_seconds_whole`, `get_seconds_fraction`, `get_remaining_seconds` and `get_total_seconds` which obtain the whole days, whole seconds, fractional seconds, seconds (whole and fractional combined) and the total number of seconds for a given date respectively. There is also `get_jd`, `get_mjd` which obtain the time as a Julian day or Modified Julian day format. The functions `get_jd_tuple` and `get_gregorian` get the time function as a tuple (day, second, fractional second) and as a string format respectively. Finally, `get_calendar` obtains the calendar format of the specified date; this function also includes a parameter `rounded` which will round the microseconds to 3 places if set to `true`. 
* `test_time_conversions()` : this test iterates through all the conversion functions in MMS. Firstly, it tests `convert_from_jd_to_jd` which takes a Julian day in a specified timesystem and returns a Julian day of a desired timesystem i.e. UTC to TAI or TAI to TDB. Next, it tests `convert_from_gregorian_to_calendar` which takes an input time in string format and returns the calendar equivalent. Next, `from_tai_calendar_to_gregorian` takes a date in calendar format and will return the string equivalent; the opposite of the previously mentioned function. Then, `convert_from_tai_gregorian_to_jd` takes a TAI string and converts to a Julian date in a specified timesystem, i.e. TAI gregorian string to UTC JD. Finally, `convert_from_tai_gregorian_to_gregorian` takes a TAI string and converts to another string in a specified timesystem. i.e. TAI gregorian string to UTC gregorian string. 
* `test_to_string()` : this test tests `tai_tuple_to_gregorian` which takes whole days, whole seconds, fractional seconds and timesystem as parameters and returns the equivalent conversion in string format.
* `test_number_of_leap_seconds()` : this tests the function `number_of_leap_seconds_from` which obtains the number of leap seconds from a given date. This is needed for UTC conversion. 
* `test_calendar()` : this tests `calendar` and `compute_calendar_date` functions which converts a Julian day to a calendar format, both in (year, month, day) and (year, month, day, hour, minute, second) format.
* `test_julian_days()` : this tests `julian_day` and `julian_date` functions which converts calendar formats, (year, month, day) and (year, month, day, hour, minute, second) respectively, into their julian day and julian date.


The GMAT tests are as follows:
* `test_main_conversion_functions()` : this tests the main conversion functions in MMS against the equivalent conversion functions in GMAT. ⚠️Note⚠️, some GMAT test functions need further implementation here. 
* `test_tai_jd_to_utc_gregorian_all_leapdates()` : this test takes a list of all the current leap dates and will iterate 60 seconds either side of each of these dates, computing a conversion from Julian days to string format for the UTC timesystem. MMS vs GMAT results are then compared and tested. 
* `test_tai_jd_to_utc_gregorian_random()` : this test takes a list of random dates and will iterate 60 seconds either side of each of these dates, computing a conversion from Julian days to string format for the UTC timesystem. MMS vs GMAT results are then compared and tested. 
* `test_tai_jd_to_tai_gregorian_all_leapdates()` : this test takes a list of all the current leap dates and will iterate 60 seconds wither side of each of these dates, computing a conversion from Julian days to string format for the TAI timesystem. MMS vs GMAT results are then compared and tested. 
* `test_tai_jd_to_tai_gregorian_random()` : this test takes a list of random dates and will iterate 60 seconds either side of each of these dates, computing a conversion from Julian days to string format for the TAI timesystem. MMS vs GMAT results are then compared and tested.* `test_tai_jd_to_tdb_gregorian_random()` : this test takes a list of random dates and will iterate 60 seconds either side of each of these dates, computing a conversion from Julian days to string format for the TDB timesystem. MMS vs GMAT results are then compared and tested.

